adding dev convention docs (#1)
kanopy-platform/go-library: README.md

# go-library is a monorepo of modules

The go-library is a monorepo of golang modules designed for reusability within CLI and daemon applications.

## Conventions

A module should be self contained within its own folder off the root of the repository and contain its own `go.mod`.

For example:
```
mod1/
    pkg
    go.mod
mod2/
    pkg
    go.mod
```

> * All modules MUST have a `pkg` directory with the exported interfaces and functions

Reviewer: Aren't these all implied to be public packages and APIs? what is the pkg directory signaling? It seems to just expand import paths.

Author: Even a public library could depend on internal functions that are not designed to be consumed by an external client. I think we need to maintain a distinction between what functions are designed to be public and which are private; which suggests that each module should have a `pkg` and may have an `internal`.

Reviewer 2: I think "MUST" is the wrong wording here. If the package is simple, it's reasonable to just have `.go` files directly in the top-level directory. The `pkg` and `internal` conventions can be more of an organizational tool for complex packages.

Author: Thats an OK distinction.  if simple; flat `.go` files are OK.  But when it gets more complex and we need to distinguish between public/private; it gets moved as a breaking change.

Reviewer: Doesn't Public vs private scope cover the use cases here? If something isn't designed to be consumed outside of the package don't export it beyond the package scope.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* All packages MUST define flat `.go` files in the package directory with the exported interfaces and functions. Complex packages MAY also have a `pkg` directory to organize exported sub-packages.
```

Author: Also true.  I updated the guidelines accordingly; leaving these as suggestions that the author can determine based the complexity of the module.

# go-library is a monorepo of modules

The go-library is a monorepo of golang modules designed for reusability within CLI and daemon applications.

## Conventions

> A module should be self contained within its own folder off the root of the repository.

Reviewer 2: Make sure to distinguish between a "package" and a "module" (contains a go.mod).
```suggestion
All packages should be self contained within their own folder off the root of the repository.
```

> A package should be self contained within its own folder off the root of the repository.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A package should be self contained within its own folder off the root of the repository.

If a package grows rapidly or versioning complexity arises due to frequent package changes, you may want to add a `go.mod` file to make it a separate Go module that is versioned and tagged separately.

Further, as module complexity or test execution time increases, you may also want to consider moving modules to a separate repo as needed.
```

For example:
```

> mod1/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
pkg1/
```

    pkg/
    internal/
mod2/
    pkg/
    internal/
    go.mod
```

* All modules MUST have a `pkg` directory with the exported interfaces and functions

> * All modules MAY have an `internal` directory to organize interfaces and functions not meant for external use

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* All packages MAY have an `internal` directory to organize interfaces and functions not meant for external use
```

# go-library is a monorepo of modules

The go-library is a monorepo of golang modules designed for reusability within CLI and daemon applications.

## Conventions

A package should be self contained within its own folder off the root of the repository.

If a package grows rapidly or versioning complexity arises due to frequent package changes, you may want to add a `go.mod` file to make it a separate Go module that is versioned and tagged separately.

Further, as module complexity or test execution time increases, you may also want to consider moving modules to a separate repo as needed.

> For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

For example:
```

```
pkg1/
    pkg/
    internal/
pkg2/

>     cool.go

Reviewer 2: 😎

mod2/
    pkg/
    internal/
    go.mod
```

Packages may be organized following golang standards.  Use a model that best fits the requirements and complexity of the individual module.  Below are some guidelines to consider: 

* Modules MAY contain a flat structure of `.go` files
* Modules MAY have a `pkg` directory with the exported interfaces and functions
* Modules MAY have an `internal` directory to organize interfaces and functions not meant for external use
* Modules MUST NOT expose a `main` function
* Modules MAY have their own `go.mod`.  It may need its own `go.mod` if
    - The module needs an isolated release cycle

>     - The number of dependencies is causing a negative impact for other modules in the monorepo.

Reviewer 2: s/module/package/

## Release

The monorepo should be release following semantic versioning and golang standards.  e.g. v0.1.0

> If a module contains its own `go.mod` it may follow an individual release cycle using the module path and version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a package is a module (contains its own `go.mod`) it MUST follow an individual release cycle using the module path and version.
```

# go-library is a monorepo of modules

> The go-library is a monorepo of golang modules designed for reusability within CLI and daemon applications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The go-library is a monorepo of golang packages designed for reusability within CLI and daemon applications.
```

## Conventions

A package should be self contained within its own folder off the root of the repository.

If a package grows rapidly or versioning complexity arises due to frequent package changes, you may want to add a `go.mod` file to make it a separate Go module that is versioned and tagged separately.

Further, as module complexity or test execution time increases, you may also want to consider moving modules to a separate repo as needed.

For example:
```
pkg1/
    pkg/
    internal/
pkg2/
    cool.go
mod2/
    pkg/
    internal/
    go.mod
```

> Packages may be organized following golang standards.  Use a model that best fits the requirements and complexity of the individual module.  Below are some guidelines to consider: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Packages may be organized following golang standards.  Use a model that best fits the requirements and complexity of the individual package.  Below are some guidelines to consider: 
```
